db.user_review.insert(
	[
		{"_id":"5d3b612731d91a5368ec94e5","user":"anant_mathur","id":19404,"comment":"Probably one of the greatest love stories ever told. Director Aditya Chopra made his debut as a director with this film. Aditya is the son of legendary Director/Producer Yash Chopra who gave us films like Deewar, Darr, Waqt, Kabhie Kabhie, Dil To Pagal Hai and Veer-Zaara.\n\nAditya was one the first Directors of the New Generation of the Indian film Directors. With his first film he got rave reviews and was immediately classified as one of the best directors in Indian Cinema. With DDLJ, Aditya showed us what falling in love, respect, and family values are all about. This film also confirmed the Pair of Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol as one of the best in the Indian Cinema. It made Kajol and Shah Rukh superstars over night and two of the most sought after actors.","rating":9},
		{"_id":"5d3b616431d91a5368ec94e6","user":"mot-stephane","id":496243,"comment":"Bong Joon-ho's Parasite is perfectly written, filmed, and played - a bit too much at times (did we need this Ri Chun-hee's impersonation, or was that a bonus for Western audiences?).\n\nNo spoilers, but you're forced to understand the gimchi will somehow hit the fan, to want to know, among all possible worst case scenarios, which one will prevail, and to enjoy the ever darker humor first permeating, then overflowing this over the top gem.\n\nIf this brilliant epic echoes Im Sang-soo's 'The Housemaid' & Kim Ki-duk's '3 iron', Bong remains a league of his own.","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b61c931d91a5368ec94e7","user":"weswalker","id":278,"comment":"I've lost count of the number of times I have seen this movie, but it is more than 20. It has to be one of the best movies ever made. It made me take notice Morgan Freeman and Tim Robbins like I had never noticed any actors before.\n\nI have from a very young age been a huge fan of anything Stephen King writes and had already read the short story that this movie is based on years prior to seeing this movie.\n\nNot everything Stephen King has written that gets turned into a movie comes out well, but this is as close to perfection as it gets and has everything you could ever want in a movie.","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b627dc9e06bb698969b74","user":"alexkolokotronis","id":238,"comment":"The acting was simply amazing, what else could you say. What could be more appealing to people(even today) than watching actors like Al Pacino, Marlon Brando, James Caan, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire and Robert Duvall. This is like heaven for someone who is a fan of movies. With this movie Brando was able to bring himself back into the limelight. His performance as the godfather alone is iconic. His character has been recreated so much in films that it has almost if it has not already become a cliché. His performance though was not a cliché. His performance was subtle and breathtaking. It was so genuine and realistic that it was not just probably but definitely more genuine than Marlon Brando himself. Al Pacino was perfect for this film as well. What a way to start up your career. His character was all about depth and he displayed it perfectly. He was able to display his own inner-battles in his mind as well as the battles he had with his family, friends and enemies. His character was more of a psychological character study than anything else to me. Robert Duvall to me was the glue to the movie. He added a different perspective to everything in just that he was not Italian yet having the respect of the mafia. His character is a man of high authority within the Corleone family who was listened to and insightful;. This was simply perfect giving the film great balance throughout. The rest of the cast was just icing on the cake.\n\nThe writing was phenomenal and breathtaking. As mentioned before there has been no movie quoted more than this. It is not even the quotes though that makes the writing in here so perfect. It is the symbolism and meaning that went into every scene. There are countless symbols, messages and lines in here that are so memorable yet it is as realistic as a movie could get.\n\nThe directing by Coppola was perfect as well. Not many movies can be 3 hours and yet maintain a good level of interest from the audience like The Godfather. Coppola deserves credit for this. The symbolism and messages that went into every scene also has to do with the directing not just the writing. The movie is so well edited and strung together that the only word that could come to my mind is perfection.\n\nThe cinematography and music were perfect. The score of this movie is one of the most memorable ever. If you were to hear it you could identify it right away. The cinematography was what actually really drove this movie. The Godfather seems to have this mystique to it, it gives you the feeling you are watching something truly remarkable.\n\nThe horse's head, the scene of Brando running with his groceries, the coffee shop scene, \"I'll give him an offer he can't refuse\" and countless other scenes and quotes from this movie have become a part of our culture. These scenes and lines have been recycled over and over again in comedies, commercials, etc. that it is impossible to avoid the greatness of The Godfather. The Godfather is like a disease once you see it you fall in love with it. I don't know if it is the greatest movie ever but it is definitely the most iconic film ever made.\n","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b62b8c9e06bb698969b75","user":"johnnybianchino","id":372058,"comment":"Your Name is just a good movie. This movie felt long, but not too long. All the way through, I was asking what would happen next. It was clever, emotional, and left me crying after the movie. The twist was done really well, and I almost wanted to pause the movie. Also, the animation is gorgeous. You get to see detailed images from many angles and perspectives, and there were hundreds of animators! The credits didn't start out with the cast like it usually would. The first thing you saw after a black screen was hundreds of names of animators and designers. I watched this movie again and I still felt my muscles ready to let tears out. I would not recommend this movie any less than the next guy, so what are you waiting for? Get a couple of friends and watch Your Name!","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b62dec9e06bb698969b76","user":"crawdidd424","id":424,"comment":"This Movie was sensational. It was a piece of art along with being informational. It told people about the holocaust, and it also told people about the human spirit. It shows how people can just triumph over anything with just some help from one person The things that Spielberg did with the movie was incredible too. The black and white was genius, and how he had the little girl in red and the fire was phenuminal. I have never seen anything like it, Schindler's List is beyond all words.","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b630fc9e06bb698969b77","user":"OriginalMovieBuff21","id":240,"comment":"After seeing The Godfather and improving it as one of my favorite films, I wanted to get more into The Godfather so I rented this. Words can't describe how great this sequel was. The acting once again was amazing and the story and how the movie went on just never got me bored. Everything in this movie was clearly beautiful. The ending by far was my favorite when there all sitting at the table talking. There were so many great scenes like Vito when he was younger, Fredo at the lake, and many many more. You have to see this movie because it's just brilliant filmaking. It's not better than it's first film but still an extremely worth sequel.","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b6385c9e06bb698969b78","user":"gogoschka-1","id":129,"comment":"Personally, I've never seen anything as original in an animated film as in this deeply mythical fairytale. What a surreal idea for a movie! It's hard to find an adequate description (because I also don't want to spoil this in the slightest way) but this film has a sense of \"otherness\" to it - for lack of a better word - like none I've ever seen. And the strange, mythical nature of this film - apart from the amazing artwork - is probably one of the main reasons for its appeal to me. ","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b63aac9e06bb698969b79","user":"deepaknarwal88","id":497,"comment":"i expected this movie to be a normal and i just want to see it for Tom Hanks but as movie goes through i cry,i laugh and there comes a feeling which can't be described in words. i rate this movie as the best i have ever seen. some moments in the movie makes me hold my bed pillow in the tightest ever grip. i can guarantee that this movie will leave an impression in your mind for a long time. i even say that this movie is better than shawshank redemption.fantastic story, brilliant acting,mind boggling feelings and overall an unforgettable drama. if you have watched 1000 movies and not this then your movie watching journey is incomplete.i will also make sure that even my next generation should watch this one.","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b63cec9e06bb698969b7a","user":"Monika-5","id":637,"comment":"This may be one of the best films ever made. I've never seen a movie with such a balance of hysterical comedy and serious drama. Roberto Benigni totally deserved his Oscars. People on this site have said such negative things about him and this film. Mr. Benigni had a lot of guts to make this film, and there's not another film like it. He handled both the comedy and drama aspects beautifully. I loved the beautiful cinematography, scenery, and the characters. This movie is magnificent in every way. Don't miss it!","rating":9},
		{"_id":"5d3b6417c9e06bb698969b7b","user":"nastaranmohseni","id":680,"comment":"Viewers are taken on a ride through three different stories that entertwine together around the world of Marcellus Wallace. Quentin Tarantino proves that he is the master of witty dialogue and a fast plot that doesn't allow the viewer a moment of boredom or rest. From the story of two hit-man on a job, to a fixed boxing match to a date between a hit-man and the wife of a mob boss. There was definitely a lot of care into the writing of the script, as everything no matter the order it is in, fits with the story. Many mysteries have been left such as what is inside of the briefcase and why Marcellus Wallace has a band-aid on the back of his neck, which may be connected. The movie redefined the action genre and reinvigorated the careers of both John Travolta and Bruce Willis. This movie is required viewing for any fan of film.","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b644ac9e06bb698969b7c","user":"bmeirinho","id":40096,"comment":"This movie is wonderful!! One of the best Brazilian movies ever. Simple scenery, good sound and music, good actors, screenplay and directing, everything done with care and without much technology, and the result is a great and comfortable movie.","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b6488c9e06bb698969b7d","user":"soulsplosion","id":324857,"comment":"There's hardly anything I would improve about this film. The visuals, concepts, soundtrack, characters, pace, humor and animation are all some of the best I've ever seen in any film; I was worried the hype would ruin it for me, as it always does, but not even the group of kids in the theater who wouldn't stop loudly talking could ruin it for me. It is visually engaging and beautiful in every scene, not to mention with an incredibly unique art style, and is honestly something other animated movies should have to look up to for a long time. The only real issue I can think of is the flashing lights, which really alienates any epileptic audience, but even then it's done so in a beautiful and artful way.","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b65f6c9e06bb698969b7e","user":"filmquestint","id":155,"comment":"I couldn't believe \"The Dark knight\" could live up to the hype. That's perhaps the biggest surprise. The secret, I believe, is a stunning, mature, intelligent script. That makes it the best superhero movie ever made. As if that wasn't enough, Heath Ledger. He, the newest of the tragic modern icons present us with a preview of something we'll never see. A fearless, extraordinary actor capable to fill up with humanity even the most grotesque of villains. His performance is a master class. Fortunately, Christian Bale's Batman is almost a supporting character. Bale is good but there is something around his mouth that stops him from being great. \"The Dark Knight\" is visually stunning, powerful and moving. What else could anyone want.","rating":9},
		
		{"_id":"5d3b661ec9e06bb698969b7f","user":"kenhe","id":13,"comment":"I have seen this movie easily a half a dozen times, and I find that the beauty of the film is how Forrest Gump not only shares his innocence and purity with others, including the audience, he also manages to retain that innocence and purity through some very difficult times. As a Viet Nam veteran, and a college graduate of the late Sixties, I could of course personally relate to the various periods that Forrest Gump endures. I would only mention that the skillful and seamless blending of music, action, and period costume was enthralling. And yet it was so perfectly understated that Forrest Gump's travels through thirty five years of the stormiest and most meaningful years of American history only became clearly defined for the viewer. Even more so than the well known chocolates quote as a metaphor for life, I felt that the remark that stupid is what you do is probably more workable for most of us.","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b6658c9e06bb698969b80","user":"mardalsfossen01","id":539,"comment":"I have never seen a movie that gave me this type of chills. Very recommendable Horror/Mystery/Thriller !\n\nThis movie is far more than the one bathroom scene everybody knows.\n\nWatch it, you won't be disappointed !!","rating":9},
		{"_id":"5d3b667fc9e06bb698969b81","user":"sebastiandelgah","id":550,"comment":"This movie is one of the greatest of all time. It is adapted from a book by Chuck Palahniuk. This movie has very interesting themes like emasculation, violence, chaos, societal breakdown, isolation, the threat of death and consumerism. The direction is sublime. Perfect cinematography, pacing and editing. The twists and nuances of the book are captured perfectly. Also they did a good job with the inter-cuts. Brad Pitt and Edward Norton were the perfect choice to lead this movie. When you are watching the movie you just are glued to your seat, that is just how good it is.","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b66b7c9e06bb698969b82","user":"jamiedphilips","id":122,"comment":"I've just re-watched The Lord of the Rings trilogy for the 1000th time tonight... nearly 15 years since the Fellowship of the Rings was released... I still haven't seen a movie that's better, nor close, to any of these three films. The casting is perfection as well as the incredible acting by everyone in the movie. I can still watch these movies back to back and not get bored. They are a light to this world and wouldn't be the same without them.\n\nI miss the good old LOTR's days. The best movies ever created. The Return of the King was the best way to end a thrilling journey through middle earth!","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b66f8c9e06bb698969b83","user":"RobertCartland","id":311,"comment":"This film is a profound expression of truth regarding friendship and betrayal. Noodles, played by Robert De Niro and Scott Tiler (during childhood), is a simple man and a thug with one credo: you can battle the entire world but you never betray a friend. During the course of this film we experience various pieces of Noodles's life, from childhood, through young adulthood and old age. We learn what happens to his friends, his foes and the love of his life, Deborah. The time span considered is long, including Noodles's childhood shortly after the turn of the century, through the prohibition era, and finally the 1960's.","rating":8},
		{"_id":"5d3b6722c9e06bb698969b84","user":"michaelsjmurphy","id":11216,"comment":"Movies can wield a strange power over those who sit in the darkened seats of a theatre. The truly great ones manipulate your perception of reality, suspend your disbelief, and ultimately either alter or affirm your view on life. NUOVO CINEMA PARADISO is just such a movie. It is the near-perfect melding of direction, acting, script, sound track, and cinematography. Phillipe Noiret and Salvatore Cascio give the kind of performances usually associated with much more recognizable actors. The supporting cast looks like they could all be full-blooded Sicilians. The location shots add depth and realism to the entire production. Ennio Morricone's music is simply the most appropriate and emotive I have ever had the pleasure to hear in a theatre. Tornatore's script and direction are a joy, a breath of fresh air.","rating":9}
	
	]
)